README.md, before:

# Forum Mafia Helper
This project aims to help make the tedious parts of hosting a game of Forum Mafia significantly easier and stress-free so you can focus on modding the best game that you can.

**Technology Stack:** This project uses Node.js, Socket.IO for the backend and JQuery for the frontend. Just what is needed to make the project work.

**Status:** Beta V2

## Features
There's an assortment of functionality that this project is currently able to achieve and many more to come. Features available now include:
- Role Card Formatting
- Game Randing
- Replacement Form Generator
- Vote Counter

## Usage
If you want to use this project locally, assuming you have Node.js already installed you can download the source code and when you're in the project folder run 
> node index.js

If you need node.js you can download it [here](https://nodejs.org/en/)

If you wish to use the hosted online version of this tool, you can access it [here](https://fmhelp.herokuapp.com/) assuming it's up, this may or may not be up to date. The version number should be shown.

Commit message:

ADD Resonsive Design
REMOVE Old Module CSS with main screen.
ADD Responsive modal sizing
REMOVE All unused CSS files

README.md, after:

# Mafia Engine

Welcome to my MafiaEngine project! The point of this project is to minimise all tedious parts of hosting (or eventually, playing) a game of Forum Mafia so that you can continue to enjoy the best game you can and removing all of the stresses that may occur in any game.

The main aim for this project is that there should be no necessary preparing in order to find use in this tool, although the more _planning_ you do will give more specialised results.

**Technology Stack:** ERN Stack (ExpressJS, ReactJS and NodeJS). I am also using SocketIO for allowing the client to receive regular progress updates, which is essential for good user experience as a large portion of this tool ends up having semi-long periods of process times.

**Status:** Beta V3

## What Is Forum Mafia?

If you are unaware of what Forum Mafia is, it's essentially an online game known as Mafia [(you may research here)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mafia_%28party_game%29) played inside of online forums, my focus for this project is specifically [MafiaScum](https://mafiascum.net) but this will also work with most other phpbb based forums that use bbcode.

## Features

There's an assortment of different tools/functionality that this project is currently able to achieve and many more planned. Features that are currently available are:

-   Vote Counter
-   Replacement Form Generator
-   Role Card Formatting

The Replacement Form Generator and the Vote Counter all require information from the forums site, but since this is an external tool and most phpbb forum sites do not have an API to be used, a screen-scraper has been created to scrape relevant data and format it appropriately.

## Usage

You may access the latest release by visiting [Mafia Engine](http://mafiaengine.com) online, if you wish to run the development build you may access the development version at [Mafia Engine Staging](http://stage.mafiaengine.com)
